feat: add a delay to scale in (#28)
spacelift-io/ec2-workerpool-autoscaler: README.md

- `AUTOSCALING_MAX_KILL` (defaults to 1) - the maximum number of instances the utility is allowed to terminate in a single run;
- `AUTOSCALING_MAX_CREATE` (defaults to 1) - the maximum number of instances the utility is allowed to create in a single run;

> - `SPACELIFT_SCALE_DOWN_DELAY` (defaults to 0) - the amount of time a worker must be registered to spacelift before its eligible to be scaled in, in minutes.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
- `AUTOSCALING_SCALE_DOWN_DELAY` (defaults to 0) - the number of minutes a worker must be registered to Spacelift before its eligible to be scaled in.
```

(same goes for the key in the `RuntimeConfig` struct)
